we've got Sonny Garcia joining us now
Sonny sir this is the first loss for
India after leading by more than a
hundred runs in the first innings
keeping that in mind we were leading by
173 we lost by 63 keeping that in mind
would you say this is India's worst loss
from a winning position well it it would
have to be one of the terrible losses
that India suffered because you take a
big lead like this then you expect to
win the match but clearly despite taking
that huge lead India was just not able
to step up in both the second innings
and they were bowling to the sea Lankans
and when they battered in the the in the
fourth innings and if you recall I did
say that chasing hundred and seventy is
going to be if India was set around
hundred seventy I did say that it would
be a very a big challenge right we do
know that you did say that wrong and I
head out to play a very crucial part in
that India would have to tackle him if
they wanted to actually win from that
winning position but talking about what
we are cool he said in the press
conference he spoke about the fact that
we only have ourselves to blame
we played tentative cricket but coming
from the fact that they were talking
about being aggressive cricket doesn't
it show the Indian team in polite when
the captain after the match comes around
and says that we paid tentatively I
think we should now stop talking about
aggression and tentativeness and or
whatever I think we should just focus on
the game and and and start playing the
game we don't have to justify anything
to anybody as to the kind of cricket
that you're going to play you've got to
play cricket that suits your team that
suits the position that the team is
suits the pitch that you're playing in
and on and suits the opposition that
you're playing against I think that is
the only way to play cricket I think all
this talk about you know whether it is
you're going to play aggressive cricket
this cricket that cricket who really has
to be has to be you know shut out now
and you just need to focus on playing
good cricket that is the most important
thing playing good cricket doesn't
matter whether it is defensive cricket
aggressive cricket at the end of the day
you want your team to win it's as simple
as that if your team is not in a
position to win then you want to make
sure that you do not lose so that you go
you live to fight another day right so
we're are also said that you have to
back your best players when talking
about
rohit sharma and he said that you have
to back your match winners keeping that
in mind and what we're all set up just
talking about Test cricket do you think
Rohit is more of a match winner then
cheetah should pajara in Test cricket
well I think if you have a look at how
vehicle is des Korea shaped up and then
you will have to say that maybe his
trust his faith in Rohit Sharma is
justified because we're out remember for
the first half a dozen Test matches
didn't look as if he was going to get
the kind of runs that he's getting now
Roja charm on the other end has begun
his desk career with a bank to do back
to back hundreds and after that he's
been inconsistent he's got a couple of
50s but he hasn't been able to get that
big hundred but at least we have seen
that he's capable of the big shots he's
capable of playing the beginnings and
Virata if the captain has trust and
faith in you I think you've got to back
that so I would I would back that out as
far as his his faith in rural charm is
concerned for the simple reason he's
product thinking about his own career
how the first half a dozen or maybe more
or our Test matches went for him before
he got that hundred and then before he
got the consistency with which he is now
getting hundreds I'm gonna head out who
was dropped from Sri Lanka scored
against Pakistan he made a comeback took
seven wickets and also in the first
anything in scindia he didn't even
manage to take a wicked Denise Chandi
mal was poor in the first ten balls that
he faced against any other he made a
remarkable comeback it's tough in this
situation isn't it for any team it is it
is tough and I think before you know
looking and pointing fingers at the
Indian team I think we should we should
give credit to the Sri Lankans they were
not daunted by that lead that the
Indians had taken of 175 they were they
were one 192 I beg your pardon and they
were very very positive despite the fact
that they also lost wickets at the end
of the second day's play when they lost
those two wickets the way Sangakkara and
Mathews played steady the ship allowed
Chanda Melander money later on after
these two got out these two senior
players got out to play if freely then
Jahan Mubarak whose test careers on the
line he comes in and plays a very very
good innings so the the see Lankans need
to be given credit for not
being over odd or daunted by the huge
lead that the Indians had taken so do
you think we need an extra batsman that
is something that we the pitch will
dictate to a great extent from here we
can't say whether they need an extra
batsman or not because in the first
innings with the five batsmen they got
almost 400 runs so it's not as if an
extra batsman was missed the demands are
batting at number six also got a got a
good score so I think it's horses for
courses I think you've got to have a
look at the pitch if you think the pitch
is going to help your spinners or going
to help your seam bowlers you pick
accordingly if you think that's not
going to happen then maybe you want to
go in with the extra batsman but really
it's horses for courses and have a look
at the picture do it
me rod also said that this is all about
mental strength and we lack that all on
day four of the goal test do you think
the this Indian team has the mental
strength to make a comeback from this
and actually win the series I think so I
hope so because this is this is the kind
of loss that can demoralize the team and
as as I keep saying you lose the first
test you're always playing catch-up
so this is gonna be huge this is gonna
be huge for Vlad and Ravi Shastri to
lift the team's morale to get them to
believe in themselves to get them to
believe that they can come back in fact
the example of the Sri Lankans in the
second innings is what they should be
showing to the to the Indian team look
at the way they bounce back and so the
Indian team certainly has a talent to
bounce back they've just got to start
believing in themselves the sunagawa
scott thank you so much for talking to
NDTV let's just hope that the Indian
team can make a comeback Oh like we
talked about in that second Test match
which will also be Kumar Sangakkara
hopefully we also have good news on the
front because she curd oven had some
kind of an injury in his hand we will
know about that and we update you as
soon as we can thank you so much
okay